Fixed #34579 -- Added Django Forum to contributing guides. (#16878)
django/django: docs/intro/contributing.txt

.. admonition:: Where to get help:

>     If you need help going through this tutorial, please post a message

Reviewer: Please don't make trivial wording changes unless
```suggestion
    If you're having trouble going through this tutorial, please post a message
```

>     to the `Django Forum`_ or |django-developers| or drop by `#django-dev on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to the `Django Forum`_ , |django-developers|, or drop by `#django-dev on
```
